Update readme (#81)
percona/everest: README.md

For comprehensive information about Percona Everest, see the [documentation](https://docs.percona.com/everest/index.html).

# Installation

Ready to try out Percona Everest? Check the [Quickstart install](https://docs.percona.com/everest/quickstart-guide/quick-install.html) section for easy-to-follow steps. 

## Prerequisites

Before getting started with Percona Everest, do the following:

1. Set up a Kubernetes cluster. 

    Percona Everest assists with installing all the necessary operators and required packages, but does not deploy a Kubernetes cluster.

    We recommend setting up Percona Everest on the [Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)](https://docs.percona.com/everest/quickstart-guide/eks.html) or [Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)](https://docs.percona.com/everest/quickstart-guide/gke.html).

2. Verify that you have access to the Kubernetes cluster that you want to use with Everest. By default, Everest uses the kubeconfig file available under `~/.kube/config`. 

    To verify access to the Kubernetes cluster, run the following command:
   
    ```sh 
    kubectl get nodes
    ```

## Install Percona Everest

To install and provision Percona Everest to Kubernetes:

> 1. Download the latest version of Everest CLI by visiting the latest release page in [this repository](https://github.com/percona/percona-everest-cli/releases/latest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the latest version of the Everest CLI by running the following commands:
```

## Prerequisites

Before getting started with Percona Everest, do the following:

1. Download the latest version of Everest CLI by visiting the latest release page in [this repository](https://github.com/percona/percona-everest-cli/releases/latest).

    **Linux and WSL**
        
    ```sh
    curl -sSL -o everestctl-linux-amd64 https://github.com/percona/percona-everest-cli/releases/latest/download/everestctl-linux-amd64
    sudo install -m 555 everestctl-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/everestctl
    rm everestctl-linux-amd64
    ```

    **macOS (Apple Silicon)**

    ```sh
    curl -sSL -o everestctl-darwin-arm64 https://github.com/percona/percona-everest-cli/releases/latest/download/everestctl-darwin-arm64
    sudo install -m 555 everestctl-darwin-arm64 /usr/local/bin/everestctl
    rm everestctl-darwin-arm64
    ```

    **macOS (Intel CPU)**

    ```sh
    curl -sSL -o everestctl-darwin-amd64 https://github.com/percona/percona-everest-cli/releases/latest/download/everestctl-darwin-amd64
    sudo install -m 555 everestctl-darwin-amd64 /usr/local/bin/everestctl
    rm everestctl-darwin-amd64

>     ```

Reviewer: I would move this entire part to point 1. in the Install section

# Percona Everest

!!! warning "Important"

>     Percona Everest is now in **Beta**, and we need your [feedback](https://forums.percona.com/c/percona-everest/81)! We want you to be a part of this journey and help us shape our product.

Reviewer: Same here

    **Linux and WSL**
        
    ```sh
    curl -sSL -o everestctl-linux-amd64 https://github.com/percona/percona-everest-cli/releases/latest/download/everestctl-linux-amd64
    sudo install -m 555 everestctl-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/everestctl
    rm everestctl-linux-amd64
    ```

    **macOS (Apple Silicon)**

    ```sh
    curl -sSL -o everestctl-darwin-arm64 https://github.com/percona/percona-everest-cli/releases/latest/download/everestctl-darwin-arm64
    sudo install -m 555 everestctl-darwin-arm64 /usr/local/bin/everestctl
    rm everestctl-darwin-arm64
    ```

    **macOS (Intel CPU)**

    ```sh
    curl -sSL -o everestctl-darwin-amd64 https://github.com/percona/percona-everest-cli/releases/latest/download/everestctl-darwin-amd64
    sudo install -m 555 everestctl-darwin-amd64 /usr/local/bin/everestctl
    rm everestctl-darwin-amd64
    ```

2. Install Everest and provision the Kubernetes cluster using one of the following commands:

    ```sh
    everestctl install
    ```

    Enter the specific names for the namespaces you want Everest to manage, separating each name with a comma.

    !!! note 
        Make sure that you enter at least one namespace.

>     Alternatively, you can set multiple namepaces in the headless mode:

Reviewer: Same here

Author: The formatting is correct. Let me check why its not rendering properly.

      ```sh
      everestctl install --namespaces <namespace-name1>,<namespace-name2> --operator.mongodb=true --operator.postgresql=true --operator.xtradb-cluster=true --skip-wizard
      ```
    
    Replace `<namespace-name>` with the desired name for your namespace.

    !!! note

>         Ensure that you copy the authorization token displayed on the terminal in this step. You will need this token to log in to the Percona Everest UI.    

Reviewer: @rasika-chivate I don't think this is rendered correctly in GitHub, AFAIK this ain't standard markdown.

Author: The formatting is correct. Let me check why its not rendering properly.
